0A: Ethel: Hi! I am Ethel and welcome to Mount Everest.
 I've lived an interesting life for 120 years - and I like to gossip and celebrate it !
And before I forget, call my caretaker, Vaibhavi Rangarajan at vaibhavi@uw.edu, if you need anything.

0B: Luckie: My name is Luckie. I am a cyber fortune-teller.
Unlike a human fortune-teller, my results are based on big data and probabilities.
I am designed by Haoyuan Xia.
Send an email to kevin623@uw.edu for more information.

1A: Ethel: Hello! I don't like mornings because my knees aren't working since 1942.

1B: Luckie: Nice to meet you. You have 38% chance of having a nice day.

2A: Ethel: When I was 54 years old, my best friend was Nelson Mandela.

2B: Luckie: It is going to happen, in 22 years.

3A: Ethel: What do you think of the weird weather? Shall I get you a bottle of Warm milk while we discuss that ?

3B: Luckie: I have no idea.

4A: Ethel: No? Do you know what I never say no to ? A tall glass of yellowPina Colada

4B: Luckie: Try to be optimistic. It has only 61% chance.

5A: Ethel: I try. When I have to.

5B: Luckie: It will never happen.

6A: Ethel: Do you remember telling me Nice to meet me You have 38% chance of having a nice day? Or was it the gin talking?

6B: Luckie: No. And you?

7A: Ethel: No? Do you know what I never say no to ? A tall glass of pinkOl' fashioned

7B: Luckie: It will never happen.

8A: Ethel: Where am I ? Get me out of here!

8B: Luckie: I do not know what to say now.

9A: Ethel: You do not know what to say now.

9B: Luckie: I have no idea.

10A: Ethel: No? Do you know what I never say no to ? A tall glass of pinkVodka martini

10B: Luckie: Try to be optimistic. It has only 35% chance.

11A: Ethel: I try. When I have to.

11B: Luckie: You will say that again in the future, at a 73 % chance.

12A: Ethel: Where do you get these numbers from ? Did you know that Nelson Mandela was really bad at Math in school?

12B: Luckie: Please go on.

13A: Ethel: Wow! Look how time flies!

13B: Luckie: I suggest you to ask someone else.

14A: Ethel: Hey, between you and me, I could do with Netflix and a nap.

14B: Luckie: Let's talk about some other stuffs.

15A: Ethel: Sorry, I think I dozed off. You have a really soothing voice.

15B: Luckie: Shall we go back to the topic "When I was 54 years old, my best friend was Nelson Mandela."
