0A: Luckie: My name is Luckie. I am a cyber fortune-teller.
Unlike a human fortune-teller, my results are based on big data and probabilities.
I am designed by Haoyuan Xia.
Send an email to kevin623@uw.edu for more information.

0B: Ethel: Hi! I am Ethel and welcome to the gym.
 I've lived an interesting life for 120 years - and I like to gossip and celebrate it !
And before I forget, call my caretaker, Vaibhavi Rangarajan at vaibhavi@uw.edu, if you need anything.

1A: Luckie: Nice to meet you. You have 41% chance of having a nice day.

1B: Ethel: Did you know that my favorite food is black pizza which contains pink pizza. What do you like to eat?

2A: Luckie: I am on a diet.

2B: Ethel: Let me give you some advice. Go visit the Museum of Modern Art and karate chop and do squats.

3A: Luckie: I do not know what to say now.

3B: Ethel: What do you think of the weird weather? Shall I get you a bottle of Water while we discuss that ?

4A: Luckie: I have no idea.

4B: Ethel: No? Do you know what I never say no to ? A tall glass of pinkVodka martini

5A: Luckie: Be optimistic. It has only 21% chance.

5B: Ethel: I be. When I had

6A: Luckie: It is going to happen, in 10 hours.

6B: Ethel: You earlier said Nice to meet me You have 41% chance of having a nice day. Let's discuss that for a second.

7A: Luckie: Please go on.

7B: Ethel: I think I kept my Whiskey glasses somewhere. Let me get them

8A: Luckie: Your are 61% correct.

8B: Ethel: Wow! Look how time flies!

9A: Luckie: I suggest you to ask someone else.

9B: Ethel: You suggest me to ask someone else.

10A: Luckie: Let's talk about some other stuffs.

10B: Ethel: Hey, between you and me, I could do with Netflix and a nap.

11A: Luckie: Shall we go back to the topic "Did you know that my favorite food is black pizza which contains pink pizza. What do you like to eat?"

11B: Ethel:  I wish I could like things again. I stopped because the bird ate all the breadcrumbs I had..

12A: Luckie: Can we take a break now?

12B: Ethel: Sorry, I think I dozed off. You have a really soothing voice.

13A: Luckie: I am too thirsty to talk now.

13B: Ethel: Of course, you are too thirsty to talk now.Just look at you!

14A: Luckie: When did you say "Let me give you some advice. Go visit the Museum of Modern Art and karate chop and do squats." before?

14B: Ethel: If I knew the answer, I would still be with Elmo the Puppet

15A: Luckie: Say something else, please.

15B: Ethel: Do you know that I got caught smuggling puppies across the Canada border four times?
